updates Readme for channels in config (#6)
ryanwinchester/slack_elixir: README.md

config :my_app, MyApp.SlackBot,
  app_token: "MY_SLACK_APP_TOKEN",
  bot_token: "MY_SLACK_BOT_TOKEN",
  bot: MyApp.SlackBot,

> # add this if you want to access channels other than public

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Add this if you want to customize the channel types to join.
  # By default we join all channel types: public_channel, private_channel, im, mpim.
```

  channels: [
    types: ["public_channel", "im", "private_channel"]

>   ]

Reviewer: By default it will join all conversations it is part of/allowed to:
https://github.com/ryanwinchester/slack_elixir/blob/main/lib/slack/channel_server.ex#L7-L11

Author: @ryanwinchester it won't work for `private_channel` unless you add this explicitly.

Reviewer: yeah, but what I'm saying is, that by default, we add _all_ channel types. This config option is for if you _**don't**_ want that.
